I can feel I'm ready are you at the
speed believe i dont preach i speak what
I mean now let me feed opencv fear alive
just has a beer I can be by any means my
injury will never be how we believe we
keep up with me the first turn
circling every other third sure that
this white kid was cursed to something
you might be just under the surface then
he went berserk golden plans worse than
a bunch of sharkus every every every day
was reversed to worthless or two numbers
jump I learned the work that you let me
tell you just what I'm all about
everything that I put in the making here
at the hold and now because that was
then
about everything that I put in the
making here we have from the bottom she
comes to my own back
on the flow like a coma toe I broke the
mold tenfold the show these folks and
came straight to the game like an
overdose the very second I start
spitting its Armageddon I'll bet your
ring zombie Obama star
my boss him like a hit on my word so I
never hold my daughter let me tell you
just put them all the dial everything
that I put in to make it even half from
the bottom to the top stir my only
rather hold and now cuz that was then
and this is now
the bottom
holding napkins that was then and this
is now my patch no sharp try to imagine
Jackson just backpacking like none of
this ever happened if you can than you
can imagine you not standing not
advancing in this antagonistic fashion
leaving you cast and grasping for you
laughing so then try to work
but ere you wanted one more
that I put in to make it here and half
of the bottom edge of the toughest if I
only rather hold and now cuz that was
then and this is now